<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"

        >

    <section>
        <h2>Data Submission</h2>

        <p> The IntAct database encourages and welcomes direct user submissions of molecular interaction data,
            which may be deposited with us prior to publication in a peer-reviewed journal. We will be happy to
            assist you with final data preparation and will make your submission publicly available as soon as
            your article is published. We are happy to accept data in any format, but recommend that you read
            the <a class="external" href="http://imex.sourceforge.net/MIMIx/"
                   target="_blank">IMEx guideline</a> which may help
            you in preparing for both deposition and publication.
            <br/>
            <br/>
            <a class="external" href="http://www.ebi.ac.uk/~intact/site/doc/LargeScaleSubmissionTable.xlsx"
               target="_blank">Here</a> you have an example excel file
            detailing the type of information we require for a submission. Please take this a simple guidance, you do 
            not need to accommodate every single detail in terms of format. Interaction data does not constrain to a 
            single way of representation and we can easily re-format your data if we have the required information.
            <br/>
            <br/>
            Please <a class="external" href="http://www.ebi.ac.uk/support/index.php?query=intact"
                      target="_blank">contact us</a>
            once you are ready to send your data, if you have any further questions, or if you would like curator
            assistance in your data preparation.
            <br/>
            <br/>
            We are also willing to curate specific papers, on request, or become more actively involved in specific
            projects. Again, please <a class="external" href="http://www.ebi.ac.uk/support/index.php?query=intact"
                                       target="_blank">contact us</a>
            if you would like to discuss this further.
        </p>
    </section>

</ui:composition>
