<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"

                template="/WEB-INF/facelets/layout/compliance-template-ebi.xhtml">

    <!-- Mandatorty params -->
    <ui:param name="sectionTitle" value="About"/>

    <ui:define name="content">
        <h2 id="pubs">Publications</h2>
        <section class="grid_18 alpha">
            <ul>
                <li>
                    <strong>The MIntAct project--IntAct as a common curation platform for 11 molecular interaction databases.</strong>
                    <br/>
                    Orchard S, Ammari M, Aranda B, Breuza L, Briganti L, Broackes-Carter F, Campbell NH, Chavali G, Chen C, del-Toro N, Duesbury M, Dumousseau M, Galeota E, Hinz U, Iannuccelli M, Jagannathan S, Jimenez R, Khadake J, Lagreid A, Licata L, Lovering RC, Meldal B, Melidoni AN, Milagros M, Peluso D, Perfetto L, Porras P, Raghunath A, Ricard-Blum S, Roechert B, Stutz A, Tognolli M, van Roey K, Cesareni G, Hermjakob H
                    <br/>
                    Nucleic Acids Research (2014), doi: 10.1093/nar/gkt1115
                    <a href="http://europepmc.org/abstract/PMC/PMC3965093" target="_blank">[Abstract]</a>
                    <a href="http://europepmc.org/articles/PMC3965093" target="_blank">[Full Text]</a>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <strong>The IntAct molecular interaction database in 2012.</strong> [PMID: 22121220]
                    <br/>
                    Kerrien S, Aranda B, Breuza L, Bridge A, Broackes-Carter F, Chen C,
                    Duesbury M, Dumousseau M, Feuermann M, Hinz U, Jandrasits C, Jimenez RC,
                    Khadake J, Mahadevan U, Masson P, Pedruzzi I, Pfeiffenberger E, Porras P,
                    Raghunath A, Roechert B, Orchard S, Hermjakob H.
                    <br/>
                    Nucl. Acids Res. (2011) doi: 10.1093/nar/gkr1088
                    <a href="http://nar.oxfordjournals.org/cgi/content/abstract/gkr1088" target="_blank">[Abstract]</a>
                    <a href="http://nar.oxfordjournals.org/cgi/content/full/gkr1088" target="_blank">[Full Text]</a>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <strong>The IntAct molecular interaction database in 2010.</strong> [PMID: 19850723]
                    <br/>
                    B. Aranda, P. Achuthan, Y. Alam-Faruque, I. Armean, A. Bridge1, C. Derow, M. Feuermann, A. T. Ghanbarian, S. Kerrien, J. Khadake,
                    J. Kerssemakers, C. Leroy, M. Menden, M. Michaut, L. Montecchi-Palazzi, S., N. Neuhauser, S. Orchard, V. Perreau,
                    B. Roechert, K. van Eijk, and H. Hermjakob
                    <br/>
                    Nucleic Acids Research 2009; doi:10.1093/nar/gkp878
                    <a href="http://nar.oxfordjournals.org/cgi/content/abstract/gkp878v1" target="_blank">[Abstract]</a>
                    <a href="http://nar.oxfordjournals.org/cgi/content/full/gkp878v1" target="_blank">[Full Text]</a>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <strong>IntAct – Open Source Resource for Molecular Interaction Data.</strong>
                    <br/>
                    S. Kerrien; Y. Alam-Faruque; B. Aranda; I. Bancarz; A. Bridge; C. Derow; E. Dimmer; M. Feuermann;
                    A. Friedrichsen; R. Huntley; C. Kohler; J. Khadake; C. Leroy; A. Liban; C. Lieftink;
                    L. Montecchi-Palazzi; S. Orchard; J. Risse; K. Robbe; B. Roechert; D. Thorneycroft; Y. Zhang;
                    R. Apweiler; H. Hermjakob
                    <br/>
                    Nucleic Acids Research 2006; doi: 10.1093/nar/gkl958
                    <a href="http://nar.oxfordjournals.org/cgi/content/abstract/gkl958?ijkey=nlf9xm3DCyd6XyR&amp;keytype=ref"
                       target="_blank">[Abstract]</a>
                    <a href="http://nar.oxfordjournals.org/cgi/content/full/gkl958?ijkey=nlf9xm3DCyd6XyR&amp;keytype=ref"
                       target="_blank">[Full Text]</a>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <strong>IntAct - an open source molecular interaction database.</strong> <br/>
                    H. Hermjakob, L. Montecchi-Palazzi, C. Lewington, S. Mudali, S.
                    Kerrien, S. Orchard, M. Vingron, B. Roechert, P. Roepstorff, A.
                    Valencia, H. Margalit, J. Armstrong, A. Bairoch, G. Cesareni, D.
                    Sherman, R. Apweiler.
                    <br/>
                    Nucl. Acids. Res. 2004 32: D452-D455.
                    <a href="http://nar.oupjournals.org/cgi/content/abstract/32/suppl_1/D452"
                       target="_blank">[Abstract]</a>
                    <a href="http://nar.oupjournals.org/cgi/content/full/32/suppl_1/D452"
                       target="_blank">[Full Text]</a>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </section>
        <section>
            <ui:include src="about_menu.xhtml"/>
        </section>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>